[Music]
okay find yourself a box of tissues and
listen up here are ten stories that will
melt your heart we all have moments of
sadness and joy and it's the latter that
keeps the world going enjoy these 10
heartwarming stories proving that this
world is a happy place no matter what a
[Music]
fire broke out at our house the other
night
luckily the entire family managed to
escape including spot our family dog
then I realized someone was missing our
turtle was still inside then I looked at
spot
he was holding the turtle in his mouth
and this is the story of how one loyal
friend saved the other
[Music]
it was one of those days when I finished
work early and was rushing home my wife
will be happy that we have some extra
time together I thought she must be
cooking dinner I thought now imagine my
surprise to say the least when I got
home and heard a loud male voice singing
or rather yelling how you remind me in
the shower needless to say I went mad
and broke the door latch to catch that
hunk red-handed well it turned out that
it was my sweetheart rocking out and
singing as if no one could hear I love
my very own Chad Kroeger I went grocery
shopping today and there was quite a
line at the checkout a nine year old in
front of me was begging her mom to buy
her some chocolate kids today just don't
know the word no I thought her mom
finally gave up and got her a yummy
candy bar to my surprise the girl didn't
tear it open but went to the end of the
line and gave it to a little crying boy
her mom was surprised and wondering why
on earth she did that the girl explained
that she overheard the boys mom saying
they couldn't afford very much at all as
she was unemployed and desperately
looking for a job I guess some people
are born with a big kind heart
[Music]
when I was little we had this neighbor
in his 50s he seemed pretty weird as he
was always wearing suits and shades and
had no wife or kids
we called him hell boy and we used to
ring his doorbell and run away then I
learned that he was a former
intelligence service officer he spent
his entire life dedicated to his job
which didn't give him the chance to get
married or have kids I felt so sorry for
him that I decide to give him the most
precious thing I had at the moment my
cat I gave her to him saying please take
her so you don't feel lonely
[Music]
I went shopping with my daughter back
when she was three years old she was all
dressed up like a little Barbie doll
suddenly I heard a boy crying somewhere
behind us in the line that's the kind of
girl I want she's so pretty I don't want
to live without her well I had a good
laugh at his mom meanwhile the kids
played together apparently they had a
good time too since now 20 years later
they're getting married
[Music]
yesterday my wife came home from work as
mad and tired as can be she was
extremely unhappy with everything the
sink full of dishes and my sock that it
somehow landed on the windowsill you
think there was no way to avoid a big
fight but years of living together have
taught me some good lessons and tricks I
wrapped my darling in a warm blanket
filled her cup of tea and did the dishes
the main trick was that I did it all
quickly and in silence take note
youngsters real quick and in complete
silence
ten minutes later my special lady cooled
down in fact she even apologized for her
bad temper so that's the secret to
happily ever after
not so hard right
[Music]
some days are crazier than others and
yesterday was a case in point
my wife had a bunch of things to do and
so did I we had no choice but to ask my
brother to babysit our daughter who was
just five months old we left everything
he could possibly need for his important
mission and now we're later we got back
to see the cutest thing ever
my 250 pound brother wearing a tiger
print blanket as a toga and feeding my
daughter he was using a bottle but it
looked very much like breastfeeding he
said he wanted to feel like a little
Madonna now we have a good reason to
mock him for the next 20 years
[Music]
when I was 5 years old my godmother took
me out to see a play for kids before the
performance
we bought some flowers to give to one of
the actors once the play ended all the
characters came out onto the stage and
the children began to give them flowers
everyone received a bouquet everyone
except the cow the man who played the
cow stood aside and looked sad I'll
never forget those big sad cow eyes so I
went up to him and handed him my bouquet
he was so happy he picked me up and
waved the flowers for all the audience
to see he was telling them that someone
gave him flowers to someone liked his
acting this was the first time in my
life that I had felt really happy that I
did something good and important
[Music]
my husband and I went shopping the other
day we like to give each other some
space for it to be faster and more
productive I had got everything off my
list when I saw my husband with a
shopping cart full of stuff that he
clearly didn't need there was an old man
poorly dressed and looking embarrassed
walking beside him my husband paid for
everything got his new friend a taxi and
came back to me as if nothing had
happened obviously he didn't know that
I'd seen them together when I asked him
what took him so long he explained that
he couldn't find the tools he needed I
love my big hearted liar to pieces
mom passed away two and a half years ago
today my sister sent me a picture with a
do you remember this caption it was a
pair of mittens that were supposed to go
with my winter jacket that my mom was
knitting for me she'd only finished one
finger my sister found the right wool
and finished what mom has started she
wrote this is a gift to you from mom my
colleagues will never know why I cried
so loudly at work that day do you have
any sweet stories you'd like to share
tell us in the comments below don't
forget to give us a like and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life